[DOC] add cache_encryption_callbacks example in guide (#26432)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/openvino-workflow/running-inference/optimize-inference/optimizing-latency/model-caching-overview.rst

         :language: cpp
         :fragment: [ov:caching:part3]

Set "cache_encryption_callbacks" config option to enable cache encryption
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

With model caching enabled, model topology in cache can be encrypted/decrypted when saving/loading model cache.
This property can currently only be set in ``compile_model``.

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Python
      :sync: py

      .. doxygensnippet:: docs/articles_en/assets/snippets/ov_caching.py
         :language: py
         :fragment: [ov:caching:part4]

   .. tab-item:: C++
      :sync: cpp

      .. doxygensnippet:: docs/articles_en/assets/snippets/ov_caching.cpp
         :language: cpp
         :fragment: [ov:caching:part4]

.. important::

>    Now only cpu device supports this property. For those that don't, setting this property will perform normally
>    but will not encrypt/decrypt the model topology in cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Currently, this property is only supported by CPU plugin. For other HW plugins, setting this property will perform
   normally but do not encrypt/decrypt the model topology in cache.
```
